Thuds rang out as Fiora’s fists colliding with the boulder, chips flaking off with each strike. She jumped back, and sprang forward again, hair igniting in silver flames as her fist was likewise wreathed. A thunderous boom echoed as the boulder shattered, chunks rolling away from the impact.
“Your ability…” A voice fell on her ears, “It has progressed considerably, hasn’t it?”
Fiora wheeled around. Turtis was stood behind her, with no indication in the dry ground of where he had come from, or how long he had been there. Fiora’s eyes narrowed.
“Well, I do understand what it is and how to use it, so going from when I couldn’t do that yes, I’ve improved.” She replied.
“No need for your cynicism. Leave that to Layl.” Turtis deadpanned.
“Why are you so far from camp?” Fiora questioned.
“Perhaps I too wanted to beat up a defenceless boulder.”
Fiora scowled. Turtis seemed to take no notice of this as he calmly strode past the girl to the broken boulder. Crouching down, dark swirls of energy formed around his hands. Fiora’s hair immediately lit silver in response, taking stance as she tracked the movements of the cloaked man. A dark aura surrounded the broken pieces of the boulder, which shuddered and rocked as they began to move. Fiora’s flame never dimmed as the broken boulder began to move back together, cracks joining together seamlessly before fading entirely. As the aura faded, the boulder stood intact once more. The dark swirls vanished from Turtis’ hands as he stood up, Fiora’s hair extinguishing once he did.
“You had a technique you were trying, right?” Turtis asked without turning around.
“Yeah, why?”
Turning, Turtis motioned to the boulder.
“Try it.” He commanded, moving to the side. “Destroy it in one hit.”
Fiora frowned, before eventually repositioning towards the rock. Her hair burst into silver flame once more, her forearms also igniting as her expression strained. A woosh grew louder as the flames seemed to get more intense, flickering further and further away from the ends of her limbs. As the noise seemed to reach a peak, Fiora yelled out.
“Third gear!”
Immediately, the noise died out, and the flames disappeared, replaced immediately by crackling silvery lightning as all six feet of Fiora’s hair took on a spiky appearance along the long ponytail it was in. This different energy buzzed and sparked at the end of her arm, as she drew it back, taking aim at the boulder.
ZZAP.
An electric boom surpassing thunder bellowed across the mesa, the boulder obscured by a cloud of dust. As quickly as it had appeared, the dust was whisked away, dark energy surrounding Turtis’ hand as he made a fanning motion. Fiora’s silvery energy remained, having returned to a fiery appearance – the boulder fared far worse, a scorch mark and scattered rubble marking where it once was. Turtis scanned the area of impact, expression unchanged before he looked back at Fiora, her hair back to it’s natural dark red as she panted in exhaustion.
“That kind of power is designed to hurt people.” Turtis stated.
Fiora blinked. “Of course, when am I not fighting?”
“How do you make sure it doesn’t hurt someone you love?” He continued.
Fiora’s voice caught in her throat. Relaxing her body, she inspected Turtis’ expression. He seemed… unusually pensive. A particular memory forced its way into her mind as she sighed, realising the meaning of his words.
“Are you worried for me?” She asked
“Do you want to go through what I did?”
“I- I’m in control of this power.” Fiora returned, “I’ve learnt to use it slowly, from the start. This is nothing like what happened to you.”
“We both know your Engine has acted unusually in the past. It’s foolish to blindly trust it.”
“You saw what I just did, I know what I’m doing!”
“Mistakes happen. What if you accidentally hit Soot with that?”
“I wouldn’t! I love her I wouldn’t-“
“And I didn’t love Shiro?” Turtis yelled.
Fiora flinched. Turtis inhaled deeply.
“You and me, we are weapons, Fiora. Everything about us, from our bodies, to our personalities to our powers are designed to cause harm. To hurt people. To kill.” 
“You make it sound like I was made in a lab.” Fiora scoffed.
“You can’t prove you’re not.”
Fiora frowned.
“We have to be very careful how we use our powers. Where we point them, and how we use them. And we must be certain that it is actually us in control.”
“I told you I’m in control, I’m strong enough to control it!” Fiora protested.
“I was stronger than you then.” Turtis countered. “And I’m stronger than you now. No matter how well you can use it, it is a power from another world, something we don’t understand.”
“What’s the point of all of this Turtis?”
“The point is, you’re relying on your Engine for power instead of your own strength. Not only is that limiting your potential, but its dangerous: your power could get stronger than you and become uncontrollable if that’s all you train.” Turtis explained. “So I’ve decided I’ll train you. Until you can beat me hand-to-hand with no powers; no magiorbs, no Engine.”
“What?” Fiora exclaimed. “Why the hell would I do that.”
“Because you know you need to get stronger. We start tomorrow.”
